README.md, before:

dbgmits (WIP)
================
This library can be used to programmatically control debuggers that implement the
[GDB/**M**achine **I**nterface](https://sourceware.org/gdb/onlinedocs/gdb/GDB_002fMI.html#GDB_002fMI)
via TypeScript or JavaScript. Currently both [GDB](https://www.gnu.org/s/gdb/) and 
[LLDB](http://lldb.llvm.org/) support this interface, though LLDB's implementation is somewhat limited at this time.

Prerequisites
=============
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) **v0.12+**

Install
=======
If you don't already have the **grunt-cli** and **tsd** modules installed do so first:
```
npm install -g grunt-cli
npm install -g tsd
```

Then install all the other module dependencies for this library:
```
npm install
```

Build
=====
To build the library just run:
```
grunt build
```

Test
====
Before running the tests for the first time you'll need to generate the target executable used by 
the tests. The target executable is built via the node-gyp module, which currently expects to have 
access to the Node.js development headers, so if you haven't done so previously you can ask node-gyp
to download and unpack the required files by running:
```
node-gyp install
```

Next, ensure you have Python 2.7 and a C/C++ compiler tool-chain installed on your system,
as detailed in the [node-gyp README](https://github.com/TooTallNate/node-gyp#installation).

Now you're ready to build the target executable, to do so run:
```
grunt configure-tests
```

Finally, to run the tests:
```
grunt run-tests
```

License
=======
This library is licensed under the MIT license. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full terms.

Commit message:

Update the README to mention many of the tests won't work on Windows

README.md, after:

dbgmits (WIP)
================
This library can be used to programmatically control debuggers that implement the
[GDB/**M**achine **I**nterface](https://sourceware.org/gdb/onlinedocs/gdb/GDB_002fMI.html#GDB_002fMI)
via TypeScript or JavaScript. Currently both [GDB](https://www.gnu.org/s/gdb/) and 
[LLDB](http://lldb.llvm.org/) support this interface, though LLDB's implementation is somewhat limited at this time.

Prerequisites
=============
[Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) **v0.12+**

Install
=======
If you don't already have the **grunt-cli** and **tsd** modules installed do so first:
```
npm install -g grunt-cli
npm install -g tsd
```

Then install all the other module dependencies for this library:
```
npm install
```

Build
=====
To build the library just run:
```
grunt build
```

Test
====
Before running the tests for the first time you'll need to generate the target executable used by 
the tests. Unfortunately, while the target executable can be built on Windows the current setup will
build it with MSVC and the generated debug information will be unreadable by LLDB and GDB, which
in turn means that most of the tests won't run properly. The target executable is built via the 
node-gyp module, which currently expects to have access to the Node.js development headers, so if
you haven't done so previously you can ask node-gyp to download and unpack the required files by running:
```
node-gyp install
```

Next, ensure you have Python 2.7 and a C/C++ compiler tool-chain installed on your system,
as detailed in the [node-gyp README](https://github.com/TooTallNate/node-gyp#installation).

Now you're ready to build the target executable, to do so run:
```
grunt configure-tests
```

Finally, to run the tests:
```
grunt run-tests
```

License
=======
This library is licensed under the MIT license. See [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for full terms.
